# Changelog

## `Pending`

* Introduced `#[private]` method decorator, that verifies `predecessor_account_id() == current_account_id()`.
NOTE: Usually, when a contract has to have a callback for a remote cross-contract call, this callback method should
only be called by the contract itself. It's to avoid someone else calling it and messing the state. Pretty common pattern
is to have an assert that validates that the direct caller (predecessor account ID) matches to the contract's account (current account ID).

## `2.0.0`

### Contract changes

* Updated `status-message-collections` to use `LookupMap`
* **BREAKING** Updated `fungible-token` implementation to use `LookupMap`. It changes storage layout.

### API changes

* Introduce `LookupMap` and `LookupSet` that are faster implementations of `UnorderedMap` and `UnorderedSet`, but without support for iterators.
Most read/lookup/write are done in 1 storage access instead of 2 or 3 for `Unordered*` implementations.
* **BREAKING** `Default` is removed from `near_sdk::collections` to avoid implicit state conflicts.
Collections should be initialized by explicitly specifying prefix using `new` method.
* **BREAKING** `TreeMap` implementation was updated to use `LookupMap`.
Previous `TreeMap` implementation was renamed to `LegacyTreeMap` and was deprecated.
It should only be used if the contract was already deployed and state has to be compatible with the previous implementation.

## `1.0.1`

### Other changes

* Remove requirements for input args types to implement `serde::Serialize` and for return types to implement `serde::Deserialize`.

### Fix

* Bumped dependency version of `near-vm-logic` and `near-runtime-fees` to `2.0.0` that changed `VMLogic` interface.

## `1.0.0`

### Other changes

* Re-export common crates to be reused directly from `near_sdk`.
* Added `ValidAccountId` to `json_types` which validates the input string during deserialization to be a valid account ID.
* Added `Debug` to `Base58PublicKey`.
* Bumped dependency version of `borsh` to `0.7.0`.
* Bumped dependency version of `near-vm-logic` and `near-runtime-fees` to `1.0.0`.
* Implemented Debug trait for Vector collection that can be enabled with `expensive-debug` feature.

### Contract changes

* Use re-exported crate dependencies through `near_sdk` crate.

## `0.11.0`

### API breaking changes

* Renamed `Map` to `UnorderedMap` and `Set` to `UnorderedSet` to reflect that one cannot rely on the order of the elements in them. In this PR and in https://github.com/near/near-sdk-rs/pull/154

### Other changes

* Added ordered tree implementation based on AVL, see `TreeMap`. https://github.com/near/near-sdk-rs/pull/154

* Made module generated by `ext_contract` macro public, providing more flexibility for the usage: https://github.com/near/near-sdk-rs/pull/150

### Contract changes

* Fungible token now requires from the users to transfer NEAR tokens to pay for the storage increase to prevent the contract from locking the users from operating on it. https://github.com/near/near-sdk-rs/pull/173
* Renaming method of fungible token `set_allowance` => `inc_allowance`. Added `dec_allowance` method. https://github.com/near/near-sdk-rs/pull/174
* Remove possibility to do self-transfer in fungible token. https://github.com/near/near-sdk-rs/pull/176
* Improving fungible token comments https://github.com/near/near-sdk-rs/pull/177
* Add account check to `get_balance` in fungible token https://github.com/near/near-sdk-rs/pull/175
* In fungible token remove account from storage if its balance is 0 https://github.com/near/near-sdk-rs/pull/179
